Hello JTS team,

I started using the JuggernautAI app a couple weeks ago and wanted to share my thoughts on it so far. I couldn't find a way to send a long letter privately to you, so I've opted to just create this file and send you a link :)

First, I'll tell you a bit about myself. I'm a 43yo male, 185lbs with some chronic health issues (I'm also in software development). I've been on-and-off powerlifting for 6 years (due to health issues), so I've mostly been in a  perpetual novice phase. I started with StrongLifts and moved to Madcow but found it far too taxing, and decided to try JuggernautAI (I switched with SQ 295x3, DL 345x5, B 195x3). So in otherwords I'm an ameteur and not sure if I'll ever go to a powerlifting meet. It's almost embarrassing to say but I have not done any variation exercises or 1RM attempts in the past 6 years. I work out solo at home, never used a trainer, and have just learned everything on my own. Although I have become a moderator on the [Reddit forum for stronglifts](https://www.reddit.com/r/Stronglifts5x5/) which has 76k members (more on this later).

JuggernautAI has been eye-opening and it's re-invigorated my training. I'm super excited to for the plan including trying hypertrophy phases and all these variations to fix weak spots and to actually do 1RM attempts in 6 months from now.

I have questioned though, if I am the right target audience for the app. On one hand it seems to be targeted towards experienced lifters that intend to go to meets, that are already experienced with certain techniques and terminology, and it's 'expensive' for an app, but on the other hand it seems almost like a great introduction to that next-level world after ultra-simple novice training i.e. Starting Strength/StrongLifts - where I am.

So I wanted to send you this message to possibly help understand my 'persona' because I think the app is quite genius and ground-breaking, and has ridicously huge potential for a wider audience. Selling templates online has been popular for many years now and I'm sure are successful for some, but using technology to build a 'living' program like you have done is the next evolution, IMO. I guess there's others out there doing it as well, but to me there's a level of popularity that can be broken through still. As mentioned, I'm a moderator on the Stronglifts subreddit, so I have seen many different kinds of people start their journey in powerlifting. But Stronglifts etc. are just that, a start. To me, the world beyond novice powerlifting is far more complex when considering hypertrophy, fatigue management, deloads, variations, etc., and the average joe people I see have no clue.

So my point is that you may be able to gain a wider audience with some enhancements. If you are open to this, here's what I would suggest for expanding the features of the app:

* allow for different tiers of pricing. While I'm willing to pay $40 (Canadian), I've seen many comments that it's just too steep for some. Perhaps a tier for someone like me that is never intending to go to meets, or with some other limited features would entice more people (also regional pricing would be great. I know it may be less $ to you, but from my perspective it's even that more expensive to pay).
* include more features for beginners - Stronglifts has a pretty nice app that has a warmup set calculator and plate calcuator. Maybe I'm out of my depth on this one, and while it does seems simple to calculate warmups for a set of 5 if your doing a 500 lb squat (just add 45lb plates), but for me, I am a bit clueless on how to warmup for, say, a set of 8 reps spoto press at 135-145 lbs (from my session today).
* I *love* that the app has the little i icons for help. They are everywhere, but I've found a couple things hard to figure out like technique sets. I think the "Exercises" section could be expanded to a "Library" that includes exercises but also all the terminology referenced throughout the app. I'm trying to grock MEV/MRV and have to review the definition multiple times. But the content you guys have out there (youtube, FAQ on site) is great. I'm just saying consolidate it all into the app for the highest convenience.
* Explain how the program will change based on # of days/week chosen. I've looked through the FAQ but it's not clear to me what effect it will have on the programming as well as impact on my recovery etc. Does age factor into this somehow? If I have no time constraints, is there a recommended # of days somehow?
* Explain how my age factors in to the program configuration. The author of Barbell Perscription (aimed at 40+ age) indicates that the older you are, the more prone to volume fatigue you are, but also the longer you take to recover, and ability to build muscle.


